Broad Concept
  On a distant planet where life was engineered to last forever, a flaw in planet's design causes all its inhabitants to die and be reborn every seven days. Every week, a whole new world is ripe for settlement and conquest.

Game Genre
  Action, Adventure, Real-Time Strategy

Theme
  Futuristic space apocalypse. Abandoned machinery, technology and cities dot an Earth-inspired, fantastic rugged landscape. Seemingly everything has some fatal flaw that has caused it to destroy itself.
  Religious and scientific themes about life and death and the importance and the meaning of life.

Target Market
  Fairly generic. Appeals to hardcore gamers who will seek to rule the planet or support their tight-knit clan, and to casual gamers who want to hop in and join a fight or explore a new area.

Gameplay
  Players will always be viewing their character top-down on a tiled game map. Maps are broken into sections (probably about 20 x 15 tiles) and contain other players and creatures. Players can talk to each other, buy, sell or trade wares through message windows. They can also attack each other.
  
  Players will explore new areas with treasure and valuable resources hidden in random places.

Story
  In a future age of intergalactic space exploration, a planet was discovered by a group of radical scientists. They engineered it to be Earth-like, and populated it with genetically-modified lifeforms--humans, animals, plants, etc--who were designed to live forever. The planet was dubbed T.A.B.A.N.Y. (The Artificial Biological Anamoly Near You).
  
  The scientists--or "Founders" (as they memorialized themselves in Tabanese legend)--had just brought the planet to life, when their funding was abruptly cut-off. Angry, and unwilling to abandon their experiment, many of the Founders disappeared into the Tabanese wilderness. There they witnessed one great flaw in their design... instead of living forever, all life on the planet deterioriated after about 168 hours (1 week).
  
  Thankfully, there was a fail-safe in the Founders' design: If a mass-extinction were to ever occur, all of the planet's inhabitants would be revitalized in their original states. After the first week had passed, light enveloped the world, and the Founders witnessed their denizens' rebirth. Satisfied that their efforts had not been in vain, the Founders receded into the shadows, and were not heard-from or seen by any Tabanese person after what was called the "First Rebirth."
  
  From that point on, Tabany has tumulted through its rapid cycle of death and rebirth for millenia. The Tabanese culture is one of constant mobility and chaos. The world is in constant flux, as empires which exist one day are replaced by new ones on the next; who was once a barbarian can become a doctor, and a doctor can become an adventurer, for what is there to lose, and what time has been wasted? The only time which matters to the Tabanese is the present. The poor can become rich, and the serfs can become kings, and in a land of such ample opportunity, the race is even more dire than on Earth.
  
  Life has become a game: Who will rule the world by the next rebirth?

Competition
  A list of competitors goes here.

Design Team
  Jackson
    Game engine architect
    World visionary
  ???
    World design
    Character/Class design
    Interface design / functionality
    Gameplay design
    Editors
    Beta-testers

Schedule (Tentative)
  Jan 13: Release feature-poor, yet reasonably-stable alpha client and server.
    Very basic 2D Zelda-like walk-around gameplay
    Collision detection between players and environment
    Players can join and leave the same server
    Multiple players can see each other move around on the same map
  
  Feb 13: Release beta client and server
    More RPG gameplay elements like dialogs and menus
    Crude combat
    Players can move from one map to the next
  
  Mar 13: Release gamma client and server
    Player persistence (Database) with accounts
    Character classes and customizations
    Varied combat
    Predictive collision detection
    Quadtrees for collision detection
    Money
    Items
    Basis for trading system (implemented through menus).
  
  Apr 13: Delta client and server
    Has basic goals for the Tabany game itself which are implemented on top of the generic game engine
    Be able to kill other players and obtain money and items from them
    Be able to claim land
    Be able to join a clan
    The world resets after a week
  
  May 13: Epsilon (first stable) client and server
    Give a little more meaning to the goals of delta
    Stabilize release
    Document build steps for the project
    Have simple web interface for client

Budget
  Have basically nothing to spend.
  Domain: ~$10 a year
  Heroku server: Free for now, probably $30-$50 a month in the future
  Graphic designers (for project/site): Not sprites, just promotional graphics. Not sure on price.
  Programmers: Not sure. Any volunteers? :)

Income
  Ads? Donations? In-game shops? Cosmetics? Avatars?
  
